---
layout: post
title: 中秋节英语作文
date: 2010-09-20 00:12
tags: [优秀作文, 初中中秋节英语作文, 小学中秋节英语作文, 转贴饭否, 高中中秋节英语作文]
---
<ol>
<h3>一、中秋节的英语作文、小学中秋节英语作文</h3>
</ol>
I think Mid-Autumn Day is an old traditional festival in China. Everybody likes it because it's a family get-together. You see it is called“Mid-Autumn Day”，so it often comes in September or October. It is on the 15th of the 8th of the lunar month. Now， let's say something about this interesting festival.

Firstly, I'd like to say something about the moon. I like it very much because I want to be an astronaut in the future. That day the moon is round, big, just like a beautiful plate hanging on the blue cloth. When I see the moon, I will remember the ancient myths——the godess Chang Er and her little rabbit are playing under the tree which Wu Gang grows. I will also think about Armstrong's first moonwalk. I will also miss the friends in Tai-wan island, in Macao and Chinese people who are abroad. I know they are missing us very much, too.
<ol>
<h3>二、关于中秋节英语作文、初中中秋节英语作文</h3>
</ol>
Every year The Mid-Autumn Festival in August 15 at this time the people all want to eat the moon cake, to enjoy looking at the moon, the moom is very beautiful. THIS Festival is also a family holiday .and we are also stay together.The family member are happy, because that day moon is roundest.but the most happy thing is we can get together.

Also has many wonderful stories about midautumn festival's moon, is having these expectation, Midautumn Festival, We also enjoyed looking at the moon this year.That is the Mid-Autumn Day in my mind. I will always re-member: East or West, home is best.
<ol>
<h3>三、高中英语中秋节作文、高中中秋节英语作文</h3>
</ol>
Mid Autumn Festival is a traditional  festival of China. It used to be as important as Spring Festival .It is usually celebrated in September or October. This festival  is to celebrate the harvest and to enjoy the beautiful moon light. To some extent, it is like Thanks Giving day in western countries.

On this day, people usually get together with their families and have a nice meal. After that, people always eat delicious moon cakes, and watch the moon. The moon is always very round on that day, and makes people think of their relatives and friends. It is a day of pleasure and happiness. Hope you have a wonderful Mid Autumn festival!

<a href="http://i.lvshiminglu.com/">尘世客博客</a>：<a href="http://i.lvshiminglu.com/">http://i.lvshiminglu.com/</a>

